# FORGE.js changelog 0.9.3

### Viewer

New: Add the onConfigLoadComplete event to the FORGE.Viewer

Fix: Multiple Viewers on the same page is now possible as long as the history feature is disabled.
Fix: Viewer.destroy crash has been fixed.
Fix: beforeRender and afterRender callbacks are now functionnal on minified build.

### Camera

Fix: Camera limits are now properly assigned on scene change.

### Controllers

New: Gamepad controllers support has been added.

### Audio

Update: Omitone ambisonic library has been updated.
Fix: Ambisonic resume/restart has been fixed.

### Display

Fix: Canvas is nox properly resized when browser is in WebVR emulation mode.

### Hotspots

New: Hotspot states are now handling the transform component.
New: Hotspot states are now handling the sound component.
New: Hotspot states are now handling the animation component.
Fix: Animated hotspots are now properly destroyed.
Fix: Hotspots don't need to be clicked twice on mobile.
Fix: HotspotGeometry.SHAPE crash when there are less than three points. Add a default behavior.

### Director's cut

Fix: Director's cut bad synchronisation has been fixed.

### Plugins

New: Gamepad monitor plugin to help the Gamepad debug.

### Website

New: hotspots-states-sound sample to demonstrate the sound state change.
New: hotspots-states-animation sample to demonstrate the animation state change.
New: multiple-viewers sample to demonstrate the multiple FORGE.Viewers in the same page.
New: gamepad-controls sample to test the GamepadController.