# KEN changelog 0.9.1

### Viewer

- Fix default background configuration for the main container

### Scene

- Fix background configuration on scenes.

### Media

- New: Add a new media type "grid" to generate a grid preview with optional parameters

### Renderer

- Don't update texture when the video is paused.
- Don't render the background when a scene has no media.
- Unload scene background on scene unload.
- Fix onBeforeRender and onAfterRender events on Hotspot3D objects.
- Fix render routine when pipeline has no fx.

### Camera

- Camera is refreshed before rendering every frame.
- Fix camera refresh on viewer resize.

### Audio

- Redesign of the HTMLAudioElement loader to solve events never fired on Microsoft Edge.
- Deactivation of the AudioContext suspend and resume methods for Safari browser compatibility

### Video

- Video auto quality improvements when you use multiple video sources as quality levels.
- Fix multiple quality issues on Microsoft browsers.
- Add `playslinline` attribute for HTMLVideoElement to display the video properly on iOS 10.x.
- Video levels can now target a specific environement. Useful to prevent the use of a too high video resolution on Safari or Firefox.

### Media

- Add a new grid media type to display a 3D grid background.
- Add a `startTime` property on video media type options.

### Hotspots

- Hotspot are now able to crop a specified frame in a texture source.
- New hotspot states feature that handles material change on mouse over and custom states.
- Hotspots are now taking account of the `interactive` property in json configuration.
- Hotspots cursor is now customizable with the new `cursor` property.

### Plugins

- Open a public github repository for plugins.
- Add SafariCORS plugin to handle Safari bug with CORS.
- Add MobileVideoPlay plugin that display a play button on mobile to fix the autoPlay.
- Add PerformanceMonitor plugin based on [Stats.js](https://github.com/mrdoob/stats.js/).
- Add PreviousNextButtons plugin to navigate between scenes.
- Add VideoControls plugin to add a GUI on video scenes.
- Add a WebVRButton plugin to display a button to toggle WebVR if the browser is compatible.

### Website

- Sample: New multiple-media sample with various media formats.
- Sample: New performance-monitor sample with PerformanceMonitor plugin.
- Sample: New media-grid sample to demonstrate the grid media.
- Sample: New hotspots-states sample to demontrate the new hotspots states feature.
- Sample: Update all samples with video files with SafariCORS and MobileVideoPlay plugins.
- Sample: Update all samples with PreviousNextButtons plugin.

- Plugins: New page for available plugin listing.

- Tutorials: New tutorial for media image.
- Tutorials: New tutorial for media video.
- Tutorials: New tutorial for media grid.
- Tutorials: New tutorial for hotspots states.

- Slack: Create a [slack channel for ForgeJS](https://forgejs.slack.com/)

### Open-source

- Add a template for GitHub issues

### Misc

- Update the way we detect Safari browser in FORGE.Device
- Remove unused classes CameraViewFinder.js, CameraViewFinderType.js, Debug.js.
- Cubemap videos on cdn.forgejs.org for testing.
- Array.prototype.keys polyfill for cubemap media type under Internet Explorer 11.
- Package display has been reorganized in sub packages.
- Add a template for GitHub issues.
